Add note about blitting and zorder in animations (#24137)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/animation_api.rst

and ``func`` are used inside of `FuncAnimation` and the theory of how
'blitting' works.

.. note::

>     Note that the zorder of artists is not taken into account when 'blitting'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The zorder of artists is not taken into account when 'blitting'
```

>     as the artists are always 'blit' on top.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    as the blitted artists are always drawn on top.
```

Author: Makes sense. Should I add (single...) quotation marks around 'blitted' here or remove them elsewhere?
